# Entry 1
##### 11/16/22

My main focus has been the use of 2 JavaScript tools, <a href="https://ml5js.org/">_**Machine Learning**_</a> and <a href="https://earsketch.gatech.edu/earsketch2/">_**Earsketch**_.</a>I spent most of my focus before today working with **Earsketch**, a code based music website. Using code of either JavaScript or Python you are able to select snips of sounds and combine them together to make a musical piece. At first this seemed like an interesting concept and I wanted to see what it was about. After further testing and tinkering with it I soon came to realize that this tool was notfor me. It's a simple tool that would have been easy to make a project out of, but I don't really have much of a passion in listening to music so I dropped it. My backup was **ml5**, a machine learning tool.This was more interesting to me, and this tool has endless possibility. This is why I think the tool I will be focusing on for this freedom project will be **ml5**. In the **Engineering Design Process** I am working on the first and second steps *Define the problem*, and *Research the problem*. The problem I want my program to fix is loneliness. I plan to make a program kind of like a chatbot as a way for people to confide in and help them through their problem. I'm not sure if I will stick with this, but this is my inital plan for the freedom project. I'm working on my *embracing failure*, and *growth mindset* skills. I understand this project will be a hard and tedious task that I need to overcome in order for me to succeed in this project. I'm sure I'm going to run into many errors and problems that I need to work around and keep push though, to support my ambition.
[Next](entry02.md)

[Home](../README.md)
